You fell far away and met each other again,
Yu Zhujun’s mother is not as beautiful as a flower,
It is naturally very easy to get along with each other,
Said he was dead,
The appearance will naturally disappear,
But I can play it with all my heart. He is unique. I want to ask,
That’s why I speculated,
Lord Zhu may still be alive.
Your Majesty, my lord, please invite the imperial physician again!
Your Majesty, I have already checked it.
Lord Yu Zhu is indeed dead,
Shut up, come and check,
There is no record of victory in Zhu Jun's life.
No matter how hard you work, Sun,
I can't live up to my second father-in-law
Since then, I surrender
I'm checking
If you keep playing
A Zhujun tribe
He really wants to kill Princess Yuyun Li
Jade Zhujun tribe
It's impossible to repeat
It's not a matter of Zhu Juntan.
Blame my father for kissing me
Not willing to stay in the palace
He was accused of false accusations and asked his father to
give this one
A wedding that made the prince's wife love him
Digital technology is a matter of life and death
Ask your father to give me the new moon to get married with this
Talk about the jade Zhujun tribe
Later, I squeezed what I wanted to do with my heart
I'm sorry you found out because of your conscience